Dear Stanford students, parents and community,
 

Welcome to Stanford, we are so pleased that you are here!

R&DE Stanford Dining, Hospitality & Auxiliaries (SDHA), a division of Residential & Dining Enterprises, is a best-in-class dining and hospitality program serving over 25,000 meals a day across dining halls, row houses, co-ops, suites, independent houses, branded concepts, athletic dining, a kosher kitchen, late night dining, cafes, retail programs, markets, a sweet shop, catering operations, Schwab Executive Dining, and a teaching kitchen. SDHA also oversees the Stanford Food Institute, the Stanford Food Pantry, and a staff training and development center. We are excited to nourish you with delicious, healthy and sustainable food!

It is clear in feedback from students that conversations and making connections over meals form the center of their communities. When students break bread together, they engage in intellectual and lively discussions with each other, faculty, and other members of the Stanford community. This is an essential part of the Stanford residential education experience. Stanford strongly believes in community building over meals, and R&DE SDHA is committed to ensuring this happens through the meal plan program. These options allow students, faculty, staff, and their partners the ease and flexibility of eating throughout campus and nourishes the development of friendships across the university.

We pride ourselves on providing high-quality and nutritious cuisine to meet the wide variety of dietary needs within the Stanford community. The Eat Well @Stanford program is committed to supporting an inclusive dining experience for students with a wide range of dietary needs, and enhancing the development of lifelong eating practices that promote health and wellbeing. New this year, Branner Dining is a dedicated allergen-friendly dining hall and all meals will be free of the top nine allergens. Students with nut sensitivities are encouraged to continue to visit Stern Dining and Ricker Dining. Students with religious requirements considerations including halal or kosher meals, can receive assistance in the dining halls by contacting nutritionist@stanford.edu. Dining hall managers and chefs are always available during meal service to help you navigate food options. 

Our chefs are dedicated to inspiring students with delicious flavors, enticing recipes and expertly crafted meals. We believe that food builds community and we often introduce students to new foods, global cuisines, and food experiences which supports the academic mission. We integrate culturally inspired food concepts and culinary celebrations into the meal plan program. Learn more about our culinary team,  what they are cooking, and nightly specials by following us on Instagram @StanfordDining!

We also want you to get directly involved! Open to all undergraduate students currently residing in the dorms, the Student Dining Committee is a great way to get involved with our team and share ideas to enhance the dining experience for all students. We also hire students. We offer flexible schedules and minimal shifts that work around your school schedule. Have questions or feedback for your dining hall chef or manager? We hold weekly dining hall office hours where you can speak directly to our team. To learn more about these programs, please visit our Student Engagement webpage.

Sustainability is one of our core values, and we are committed to pursuing bold action to address climate change and support Stanford’s commitment to become a zero-waste campus by 2035. Our focus with our One Plate, One Planet program is to enhance and create a more impactful student dining experience for the health of our students and for the good of our planet.

We recognize the importance and essential role that delicious and nutritious meals play in building community. It is our hope that our dining program will help create an exceptional experience this year. Please don't hesitate to reach out if there's anything we can do to support you. You can reach our staff at diningplans@stanford.edu or leave us a comment, question or concern using our feedback form.

We look forward to a wonderful year ahead!