Dining Hall Name: Arrillaga Family Dining Commons
Address: 489 Arguello Way, Stanford, CA 94305
Overall Rating: 4.3
Total Reviews: 12

Reviewer: Ting L.
Date: 2 months ago
Review: Had a great experience at Arrillaga Family Dining Commons. The space was clean, bright, and comfortable, and there was a nice variety of options to choose from. I especially enjoyed the fresh salad bar with lots of colorful ingredients, and the smoked salmon plate with avocado and fries was simple but satisfying. The coffee and dessert were also a nice finish to the meal. Overall, the food felt fresh, the ambiance was pleasant, and it was an enjoyable dining experience. The cashier was very attentive and friendly.

Reviewer: Mona A.
Date: 2 months ago
Review: I had the stinkiest burger of the past year here at their late night tonight. It tasted like a ten year old carcass grilled in gasoline. Sucks too cause I had the best buzz going from herbal tea tonight. This campus has a knack for always ruining the vibes.

Reviewer: Sarae S.
Date: 3 years ago
Review: The gyros were stellar! The pita was soft and the meat was flavorful. The desert(donut), however, tasted store bought. I was pleasantly surprised Arrillaga is not known for being the best dining hall on campus, but they definitely wowed me with this one

Reviewer: Vivian C.
Date: 6 years ago
Review: COVID 19 REVIEW This place is keeping me alive on campus. Take out only! WEAR A MASK, you go in, you scan your card, you check your temperature (with a call camera scan thing), wash your hands, you get a paper bag, you fill up your bag, you get out. You can take whatever fits in the bag! Everything is prepackaged in single serving containers. One direction traffic. Once you move on you can't turn back! What they always have: -side salads, hummus, tuna salad (these have the packaging date! A+) -yogurt (whole milk, clover greek yogurt) -pastries (cookies, cakes, croissants, not the best, but will hit the spot if you're craving it meh) (these have the packaging date! A+) -packaged bowls of cereal -whole fruit (bananas, apples, etc) -packaged cheese (like string cheese and cubes of cheddar) -boxes of cut fruit: its a mix of strawberries, blueberries, honeydew, cantaloupe, pineapple, grapes (these have the packaging date! A+) -bottled drinks (bottled water, Honest Tea, Gatorade, orange juice) -generic ice cream (choco tacos, ice cream sandwiches) -condiments, chips, packaged cookies, teas What rotates: -chicken entree -vegetarian entree -allergy friendly entree -soup option: irish bacon stew, chicken tortilla, tomato basil -pasta option: cheese ravioli, pasta bolognese, pasta marinara, etc What they OCCASIONALLY have that are special treats!: - small cartons of blue bottle coffee - haagen dazs ice cream bars - beef burgers sometimes with cheese (this is a decent burger) Wednesdays are the best in my opinion: loco moco, huli huli Chicken, pork ramen, chimichurri steak! Chimichurri steak: They only let you take one entree of this one because it is a legit piece of steak done medium rare to medium and I am so impressed! They definitely use some meat tenderizer because this steak is TENDER! Loco moco: A delicious beef burger patty with gravy and rice and veggies! So good! It definitely is healthier than the loco moco you will get in Hawaii, but it is delicious! I wish they added more gravy though! Chicken/Vegetarian Broth Pho: This was delicious! but such a hassle to pack! because the noodles come in one bowl, the chicken comes in another, and the soup in another bowl, so it takes up a lot of space. Sometimes they will have specials that are not mentioned on the menu: Pork Ramen, Kao Soi Noodles, loaded baked potato, Korean seafood pancake! Such delightful surprises! These definitely make my day, but they don't fit well in the bag lol.

Reviewer: Jasper K.
Date: 1 year ago
Review: i love arrillaga family dining commons, thank you mr. arrillaga and your big big wallet. the pizza is gas, the salad bar is extensive, and the service is even better. live love llaga.

Reviewer: Sean Y.
Date: 3 years ago
Review: Admittedly, I haven't been to all the dining halls on campus. However, it is substantially nicer than Lakeside or Wilbur. The food here is fresh, plentiful, and delicious.

Reviewer: Leee D.
Date: 3 years ago
Review: Arrillaga is one of the best cafeterias at Stanford (it's located at the heart of campus), and with its wide variety of quality food options, I can always find food that I enjoy (or I can customize for what I'm feeling that day)! Also, it goes without saying that the environment at Arrillaga (and Stanford in general) is beautiful, so it's a great place to dine. Staff are also always very friendly :)

Reviewer: Ashlee A.
Date: 7 years ago
Review: Beautiful dining hall with balcony seating outside as well. A lot of dining options and flavored water as well. Love the vegetarian options. Ice cream machine. This was from a summer stay experience.

Reviewer: Dave Y.
Date: 7 years ago
Review: Frankly, I've had better. Call it the Stanford halo effect (or whatever you want to call it), but my expectations were extremely high. I expected stations upon stations (like Cornell or UCLA), but there are really only three categories of stations--salad bar, pizza, and entree of the day. The first time can be blissful. The crowd and the bustle easily deceives you into thinking that there's a lot of action, argo food-action, going on. But after the second and third day, you begin catch onto the pattern. They really don't have much diverse options and offerings. Our summer program used this particular dining hall for lunches. I hear that the food is better during the school year. So this ain't me throwing shade at Stanford dining in general; it's me throwing shade at their summer dining. Go to Tresidder instead.

Reviewer: Rosa Y.
Date: 8 years ago
Review: I'm a fan. Unlimited coffee, diverse + tasty food options, affordable prices, relaxed with great lighting. Definitely beats my college dining hall. On weekends, brunch is a great value and there are plenty of Stanford families around!

Reviewer: Spencer S.
Date: 4 years ago
Review: Good diversity of options and I can always find some food I'll be happy with. Definitely great for a dining hall. They always have huge bowls for cereal which is essential. Bonus points because Chef Tami is a homie!

Reviewer: Stephen S.
Date: 7 years ago
Review: Cafeteria quality food at an overrated price. Only worth if you mistakenly bought meal plan.