Dining Hall Name: Wilbur Dining
Address: 658 Escondido Rd, Stanford, CA 94305
Overall Rating: 2.7
Total Reviews: 9

Reviewer: Andrew A.
Date: 3 months ago
Review: Some old reviews. Food is good. Not sure why a review is allowed from 10 years ago. Just note the weekend has a normal menu.

Reviewer: Ray G.
Date: 3 years ago
Review: Wilbur dining is one of the most impressive dining halls I've ever eaten at. The Star Ginger team is a class of its own, serving an impressive variety of Asian dishes. In particular, Sam is one of the most talented chefs I've ever met. His complete mastery of making chashao is a gift to this campus. I've eaten chashao at hundreds and hundreds of restaurants and food stalls from Hong Kong and New York, and Sam's art of marinating and cooking chashao is unparalleled. Bravo!!!

Reviewer: William B.
Date: 14 years ago
Review: So it is dorm food, but it sure is better than the dorm food they had when I was in college. Whether that's a consequence of ten years of escalation in university amenities, or a consequence of being located in California, I do not know. The best things are the pho bar and the banh mi bar. I like that they let you pile your own veggies onto the banh mi; I dislike that they don't let you pile your own veggies into the pho. It's also all-you-can-eat, if that's something you're into.

Reviewer: Alex C.
Date: 15 years ago
Review: Extremely hit or miss. Been having lots of bad food recently from here. My complaint especially is about not having any meat options at all. At times there's only some disgusting curry which looks extremely appetizing and white jasmine rice. After which everyone heads to the grill, and you have to wait 10 minutes to get your burger. I used to prefer Wilbur over Stern but I've recently changed my mind.

Reviewer: Shreya S.
Date: 11 years ago
Review: I'm a vegetarian, and I experienced a mild form of trauma here. They seem to think that vegetarians only have the following edible options: -broccoli -cauliflower -whole wheat undercooked pasta -drinks However, several people seem to love Wilbur. It could be because they have edible options other than what I listed above. The only think I particularly enjoyed was the smoothie I could make only twice a week during brunch. The only fruits they have are strawberries, mangoes, some berries, and bananas (thankfully I appreciate these). Long story short, I will not return to Wilbur unless I'm really craving a smoothie that I don't want to pay for at Jamba Juice.

Reviewer: Catherine N.
Date: 15 years ago
Review: Wilbur is a lot better than Stern, but that's about it. Salad bar is pretty well stocked. Pretty standard dining hall food.

Reviewer: Zhiang H.
Date: 12 years ago
Review: Forced to pay twice because the cashier misheard what I said. Not very politely treated during the incident. This dining hall need some training on how to respect people, as well as some common sense. It is just disgusting that even after I showed my transaction history, the cashier insist that I said "I will check in at the other side", not "i CHECKED in at the other side". I believe the cashier owes me an apology. Being shouted in public is not fun. Seriously.

Reviewer: A M.
Date: 15 years ago
Review: hit or miss on different days. angry old woman works the grill... if you run out of meals, the manager lets you use her computer to order more and records your ID to charge you later. make sure you buy the graduate meal plans online. it is cheaper than paying with cash or cardinal dollars.

Reviewer: Chris P.
Date: 16 years ago
Review: If you're not sick and can go elsewhere, do it. Even for dining hall food it's not great. The choices are subpar and they always run out of the few things that are good.